good evening to welcome inside the Wells
Fargo Center in South Philadelphia for
tonight's Villanova Georgetown showdown
the Wildcats 18 and 12 overall nine and
a two Biggie's play the Hoyas number
five in the country they want 11 in a
row their record 23 and four overall 13
and three of these play finds yaru on
the right wing dribble handoff to Archie
ducato back to you pump fakes now down
the lane for the lake you know you got a
real pump fake but he shoots it now
Hilliard to Pinkston on the left wing
Pinkston now starting to back down picks
it all the way to the goal layup good
here comes Hillier to one-on-one with
trout down the lane can he get it to go
yes rattles around and drops in of these
foul like aggressive play that time by
Hill you take it to the basket first
half Bell left wing gets a good look at
a three and it is good it hits the front
of the rim doesn't matter how it gets in
right hey just twice stop and then took
another roll right in very interesting
bounce now that nonetheless tries to
find our chidiac you know catch fire
three-pointer back room no good your
room can he come up with a rebound and
yes he does after the Miss from arch
bell right corner good look at a three
he's got in a swiss / bell rings bell
back to back threes Rockets go up by a
deuce kale Hopkins top of the key trying
to find a cutting cabrio picked off by
Bell down court tional in transition
goes up and off the glass and good on a
high for footer the drop bail on the
left wing now finds Pinkston Pinkston
spinning in the lane left-hand layup
wanna take by Pinkston after Villanova
had led 2314 alley use jam or chidiac
anoda Bell working baseline right elbow
on the dribble finds yahoo foul line
straightaway 15-foot jumper rattles
around count the bucket and then we're
going to have a foul called on George
tale
Lee was seven just 70 seconds into the
game at seven on cats come up with a
steal he'll you're knocked in a way
Archie Diaco now pulls up 15-foot jumper
is good from the left wing and
transition hey you can't complain about
the result I would like to see him take
that ball right through the iron sense
of urgency has to be there in a huge way
for the Wildcats hillyer down the lane
all the way to the rim layup good what a
tape by the sophomore hillier again he
has 3000 he has to be careful doing just
that they don't stand in on him the way
Wildcats trying to come up with it
Pinkston eventually comes up with a down
the lane layup is good saying Starks had
to back off there he was he was the only
one back playing defense wow what a mad
scramble that was the arch made a great
play flicking it a head no and he
couldn't control flicking it hit the
pink stick down low chef ooh hook shot
in the lane is short yeah rue put back
with the left hand is good on the two
footer hillyer now finds Pinkston
Pinkston open and he drills a three from
the left wing Jayvaughn Pinkston for
half-court defense there by Villanova
aren't you Jack and finds Hilliard open
three left wing he's got it a big three
for Darren hey leion at the 5 37 more
catch by six smith-rivera across the
time line double team hillier comes up
with a steal Hilliard finds arch in ya
kiddo Archie a job by rx down again we
talked about time and score six-point
game under two minutes might as well use
the clock no the turnover for Georgetown
arch in ya kiddo now 22 turnovers way
out by our way out just inside the half
court line 20 on the shot like 138 to go
giving him plenty of spaces starts now
Starks comes up in plays Archie diacono
shot clock at 13 Archie diacono
cross-court pass tipped hillyer comes up
with it he'll your now draws contact
what a great job drawing that without
Ryan I'm Ryan there will your
seventy-three percent free throw shooter
one more coming if he makes it Villanova
has a three-possession lead and he does
vilanova's going to run out the clock in
the Villanova Wildcats
now on the doorstep of an NCAA
Tournament bid with this 67-57 victory
over fifth-ranked George Town in South
Philadelphia tonight cats win cats win
cats win you gotta love and whitey